my-100-days-oss-journal.md, before:

# 100DaysOfOSS Progress Tracker

## Day 1

### ✨ Contribution

#### [Virtual Coffee Podcast — Transcriptions](https://virtualcoffee.io/podcast)

- **Description**: Previous improved transcriptions need to be edited to follow the new guidelines.
- **Tasks completed**:
  - Edited episode `6_999.srt`.
  - Pushed changes to the [draft PR](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/podcast-transcripts/pull/106).
- **Challenges faced**: It's summer holiday and currently, we're on vacation. So, **time** — for the first 2.5 weeks into the #100DaysofOSS — is my biggest challenge 😅.
- **Resources used**: N/A
- **OpenSauced Highlight**: N/A

## Day 2

### 🤝 Support

#### #100DaysOfOSS — Twitter Space

- **Description**: Attended the Twitter space hosted by OpenSauced.
- **Tasks completed**: N/A
- **Challenges faced**: I didn't have time to sit behind my computer because we were out for the whole day. But, hey, it's vacation 😄!
- **Resources used**:
  - [#100DaysOfOSS — Twitter Space](https://twitter.com/saucedopen/status/1686383947452915713?s=20)
- **OpenSauced Highlight**: N/A

Commit message:

Change project link day 1 to VC transcripts repo

my-100-days-oss-journal.md, after:

# 100DaysOfOSS Progress Tracker

## Day 1

### ✨ Contribution

#### [Virtual Coffee — Podcast Transcripts](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/podcast-transcripts)

- **Description**: Previous improved transcriptions need to be edited to follow the new guidelines.
- **Tasks completed**:
  - Edited episode `6_999.srt`.
  - Pushed changes to the [draft PR](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/podcast-transcripts/pull/106).
- **Challenges faced**: It's summer holiday and currently, we're on vacation. So, **time** — for the first 2.5 weeks into the #100DaysofOSS — is my biggest challenge 😅.
- **Resources used**: N/A
- **OpenSauced Highlight**: N/A

## Day 2

### 🤝 Support

#### #100DaysOfOSS — Twitter Space

- **Description**: Attended the Twitter space hosted by OpenSauced.
- **Tasks completed**: N/A
- **Challenges faced**: I didn't have time to sit behind my computer because we were out for the whole day. But, hey, it's vacation 😄!
- **Resources used**:
  - [#100DaysOfOSS — Twitter Space](https://twitter.com/saucedopen/status/1686383947452915713?s=20)
- **OpenSauced Highlight**: N/A

## Day 3

- **Project**: [Project Name]
- **Description**: [Briefly describe the project and your goals for the day]
- **Tasks completed**: [List the tasks you completed]
- **Challenges faced**: [Mention any challenges you encountered]
- **Resources used**: [Include any helpful resources or documentation links]
- **OpenSauced Highlight**: [Include a link, screenshot, or both if applicable]
