README.md, before:

# 100 Days of Open Source (OSS) Journal

Hey there 👋!

I'm participating in the [#100DaysOfOSS](https://docs.opensauced.pizza/community/100-days-of-oss/) challenge with [OpenSauced](https://opensauced.pizza/), starting from July 24th, 2023. And this repo is where I'm keeping track of my 100 days of open source journey.

Feel free to join me and the community to explore the magical world of open source! 🙌

## 🎯 Goals

> I aim to learn more about open source and improve my ability to contribute to open source projects and support the community.

What I want to accomplish in the next 100 days:

### 📚 Learning

- Learn how to find issues — especially documentation and accessibility — on GitHub.
- Learn to spot issue(s) in repositories and write good issue(s).
- Learn to write a better pull request.
- Learn more about git commands.
- Learn about GitHub Action.

### ✨ Action

- Contribute to open source projects. I don't set any goals on how many projects, but I want to contribute to various open source projects.
- Collaborate with other contributors and/or maintainers in contributing to open source.
- Be more active in open source communities, such as through social media, Discord, Slack, etc.

### 🤝 Support

- Support beginners in open source.
  - Write blog posts about open source.
  - Do mentoring.
  - Update documentation to make them beginner friendly.
- Support open source content creators.
  - Attend Twitter spaces, streams, etc.
  - Read and give feedback on blog posts around open source.
  - Promote their creation on social media.
- Support the community.
  - Answer questions around open source topics.
  - Give likes and/or comments on posts about open source on social media and blog posts to motivate others.

## 📈 Progress Track

You can see my daily progress [here](https://github.com/adiati98/100-days-of-oss-journal/blob/main/table-of-contents.md).

Commit message:

Add About this Template section in the README.md
* Minor wordings fix

README.md, after:

# 100 Days of Open Source (OSS) Journal

Hey there 👋!

I'm participating in the [#100DaysOfOSS](https://docs.opensauced.pizza/community/100-days-of-oss/) challenge with [OpenSauced](https://opensauced.pizza/), starting from July 24th, 2023. And this repo is where I'm keeping track of my 100 days of open source journey.

Join me and the community to explore the magical world of open source! 🙌

## 🎯 Goals

> I aim to learn more about open source and improve my ability to contribute to open source projects and support the community.

What I want to accomplish in the next 100 days:

### 📚 Learning

- Learn how to find issues — especially documentation and accessibility — on GitHub.
- Learn to spot issue(s) in repositories and write good issue(s).
- Learn to write a better pull request.
- Learn more about git commands.
- Learn about GitHub Action.

### ✨ Action

- Contribute to open source projects. I don't set any goals on how many projects, but I want to contribute to various open source projects.
- Collaborate with other contributors and/or maintainers in contributing to open source.
- Be more active in open source communities, such as through social media, Discord, Slack, etc.

### 🤝 Support

- Support beginners in open source.
  - Write blog posts about open source.
  - Do mentoring.
  - Update documentation to make them beginner friendly.
- Support open source content creators.
  - Attend Twitter spaces, streams, etc.
  - Read and give feedback on blog posts around open source.
  - Promote their creation on social media.
- Support the community.
  - Answer questions around open source topics.
  - Give likes and/or comments on posts about open source on social media and blog posts to motivate others.

## 📈 Progress Track

You can see my daily progress [here](https://github.com/adiati98/100-days-of-oss-journal/blob/main/table-of-contents.md).

## 📎 About this Template

This template is generated from [open-sauced / 100-days-of-oss-template](https://github.com/open-sauced/100-days-of-oss-template). You can clone and customize it to your need. And feel free to fork and use my modified template.
